Change docs to not recommend AbortTransaction. (#3434)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/additional-features/jobs.md

    As a security measure, the `message` passed to any of these methods will be passed through the `nautobot.utilities.logging.sanitize()` function in an attempt to strip out information such as usernames/passwords that should not be saved to the logs. This is of course best-effort only, and Job authors should take pains to ensure that such information is not passed to the logging APIs in the first place. The set of redaction rules used by the `sanitize()` function can be configured as [settings.SANITIZER_PATTERNS](../configuration/optional-settings.md#sanitizer_patterns).

!!! note

>     Using `self.log_failure()`, in addition to recording a log message, will flag the overall job as failed, but it will **not** stop the execution of the job, nor will it result in an automatic rollback of any database changes made by the job. To end a job early, you can use a Python `raise` or `return` as appropriate. Raising any exception (e.g. `ValueError` for malformed input values) will ensure that any database changes are rolled back as part of the process of ending the job. `AbortTransaction` from Nautobot, which was recommended in past versions of the docs, should explicitly _not_ be used, as it is treated specially by Nautobot Jobs.

Reviewer: Maybe the change below or something similar to explicitly state that `AbortTransaction` should not be used by job authors?

```suggestion
    Using `self.log_failure()`, in addition to recording a log message, will flag the overall job as failed, but it will **not** stop the execution of the job, nor will it result in an automatic rollback of any database changes made by the job. To end a job early, you can use a Python `raise` or `return` as appropriate. Raising any exception (e.g. `ValueError` for malformed input values) will ensure that any database changes are rolled back as part of the process of ending the job. `AbortTransaction` from Nautobot, which was recommended in past versions of the docs, should explicitly _not_ be used, as it is only intended for use by Nautobot's internal job handling.
```
